Moving logging filters from edx-platform (#65)
edx/edx-django-utils: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
~~~~~~~~~~

> [3.9.1] - 2020-10-28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3.10.0] - 2020-10-28
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Updated
> _______
> 
> * Moved logging filter classes for users and remote IP addresses from edx-platform to be used by all IDAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added
_______

* Added logging filter classes for users and remote IP addresses to be used by all IDAs. These were moved here from edx-platform.
```
